At GB Wallet we care about the privacy of individuals and corporations who visit the website and any users who register to use our services. All our decisions are made with our members best interest at heart. We have drafted this Privacy and Practices Statement as clearly as possible so you are aware of what is going on with respect to your privacy on GB Wallet. This Statement describes our privacy practices in relation to the use of the site and the related applications and services offered by us. GB Wallet abides by the Thailand Personal Data ProtectionAct.

Data Protection
GB Wallet aims to connect merchants and consumers to allow them to complete payments and transactions efficiently. We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested such as receiving information about GB Wallet services, e-mail newsletters, downloading and/or registering GB Wallet services. The personal information we collect may include your name, title, company or organization name, date of birth, work e-mail, work phone, work or home address, information about your company, and credit card information.
The Site may collect certain information about your visit, such as the name of the Internet service provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the Site; the pages that you access while at the Site and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site. This information is used to help improve the site, analyze trends and administer the site
We may collect and store any information you provide us when you use GB Wallet Services, including when you add information on a web form, add or update your account information, or dispute resolutions, or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding GB Wallet Services. When you use GB Wallet Services, we also collect information about your transactions and your activities. In addition, if you open a GB Wallet account or use GB Wallet Services, we may collect the following types of information:
- Contact information, such as your name, address, phone, email and other similar information.
- Financial information, such as the full bank account numbers and that you link to your GB Wallet account or give us when you use GB Wallet Services.
- Detailed personal information such as your date of birth or national ID number.
- Business registration number, business address, business website or other related informations.
We may also collect information from or about you from other sources, such as through your contact with us, including our customer support team, your results when you respond to a survey, your interactions with members of the GB Wallet or other companies (subject to their privacy policies and applicable law), and from other accounts we have reason to believe you control (whether in part or in whole). Additionally, for quality and training purposes or for its own protection, GB Wallet may monitor or record its telephone, email, chat conversations with you or anyone acting on your behalf. By communicating with GB Wallet, you acknowledge that your communication may be overheard, monitored, or recorded without further notice or warning.
We may also obtain information about you from third parties such as credit bureaus and identity verification services. You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by third parties such as social media sites (e.g., Facebook). The information we may receive varies by site and is controlled by that site. By associating an account managed by a third party with your GB Wallet account and authorizing GB Wallet to have access to this information, you agree that GB Wallet may collect, store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may offer you the ability to connect with GB Wallet Services using a mobile device, either through a mobile application or via a mobile optimized website. The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices. When you download or use our mobile applications, or access one of our mobile optimized sites, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device's setting's menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacture of your particular device.
Maintaining your trust is important to us. Our users privacy is a priority at GB Wallet, and we are committed to protecting all parties who use our services. We do not share any data with third parties except (a) when we must comply with government department regulations (b) when you have given your written consent for the provision of your personal data to others. Please read further to learn more about our practices, including what type of information is collected, how the information is used and to whom we disclose the information, and how we maintain security with shared information.

Application
This Privacy and Practices Statement applies to gbwallet.co and other products and services we render. GB Wallet may contain links to third party websites. The information practices or the content of such third-party websites is governed by the privacy statements found therein. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of third party websites to understand their information practices.
Our Privacy and Practices Statement covers both privacy and confidentiality measures taken with our merchants and any direct end-user. We may modify this Policy in the future, but will inform you if we do, so that you can review the changes before you continue to use GB Wallet. Opening your account means that you consent to our Privacy Policy.

Collection
We collect your information to offer you an efficient, personalized and effective experience. Collected data is used to maximize the positive outcomes that you may get from GB Wallet Services. You understand that by creating an account, we and others will be potentially able to identify you by the details you provided.
When you contact our customer support services, we may have to access your profile and other contributions to GB Wallet and collect the information we need to categorize your question, respond to it and, if applicable, investigate any breach of our User Agreement or this Privacy Policy. We will also use this information to examine trends, investigate potential problems and to personalize our support.
GB Wallet is an innovative online payment platform and we are always working to improve our services. This means we may introduce new features, some of which may lead us to collect new information to optimize our offerings. If we need to collect more personal information, we will modify this Privacy Policy.

User
You agree that the information you provide on your profile can be used by us as described in this Privacy Statement. Information can be obtained by GB Wallet support staff and representatives through your voluntary submission of information through our website, by email, phone or direct meeting. We gather information to better understand your needs and requests only, and do not disclose, sell, or market any information to a third party, unless you have agreed to the provision of your personal data to others. In this case, the permitted class of marketing subjects, the permitted class of persons and the permitted kind of personal data will be stated clearly through the response channel chosen, being in this case an online facility where you can subscribe and unsubscribe to the provision of your personal data to others.
We communicate with you through email, and other means including mobile text messages and instant messaging apps. These communications can include: welcome message, information about how to optimize the use of our services, new features, newsletters, messages received in your GB Wallet inbox and so on.
You may receive third party marketing promotions through our newsletters, but your personal data wont be shared to the said third parties, unless you have agreed to the provision of your personal data to others.
We use the information and content provided by you and other users to conduct research for development and improvement of our services to provide all GB Wallet users with a better experience.
It may be possible that we need to disclose personal information, account information or information about your activities at the GB Wallet website when required by law or other legal processes globally. We will only do this if we have good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to investigate, prevent or act against suspected or actual illegal activities (such as scamming, and online abuse) or to assist government enforcement agencies. We exercise the right to protect the rights and safety of GB Wallet, our users and others.

Security
GB Wallet takes precautions including technical, administrative, and physical measures to safeguard your information against loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Access to our database is limited to GB Wallet only, and we take all reasonable measures to ensure that your information is correct and securely maintained. We communicate these guidelines to all employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within our company. To protect any data stored on our servers, we regularly check and monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, since the internet is not always secure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you submit to us. We expect you to protect the security of login information so that others cannot access your account. We strongly advise you to be careful with confidential information. If we suspect anyone of online abuse or scamming, we will delete their accounts per our Terms and Conditions.

Contact
If you want to contact us related to these terms, please contact us by email at info@gbprimepay.com with detailed information on how we can assist you and we will get back to your query as soon we can.

