GB Wallet Terms and Condition of Service

This GB Wallet Terms of Service (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Terms’) is an agreement between the GB Wallet User (hereinafter referred to as the ‘User’) and GB Wallet Company Limited, 184/125 Forum Tower, 11th Floor, Ratchadapisek Road, Huaykwang Subdistrict, Huaykwang District, Bangkok 10310 Thailand, for the use of GB Wallet (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Service’) whereby User may carry out fincancial transactions using the Company’s electronic money (hereinafter referred to as ‘Money’), credit card, debit card, or electronic card tied to the User’s account, whether it be to top-up, withdraw, transfer, or make a payment, in a convenient manner through the Company’s GB Wallet application (hereinafter referred to as ‘Application’), Prepaid Card, or any other card issued by the Company jointly with another juristic person. 
The User has a duty to read these Terms carefully before commencing the use of Service and to regularly keep up-to-date with these Terms which are subject to change. In case of any questions relating to Service provision, the User may contact GB Wallet Customer Service 02 248-6240 or another contact point specified by the Company

1. General Terms
    1.1 The User voluntarily agrees to abide and be bound by these Terms, whereby the User’s use of the Service is deemed to be the User’s acceptance of these Terms. The Company may amend or add conditions of these Terms at any time. In such case, the Company will notify the User. The User’s continued use of the Service after a change or addition has been made shall deemed to be the User’s acceptance of such relevant change or addition with immediate binding effect.
    1.2 The company reserves the right to develop or cancel the service or any part of the service whether temporarily or forever at any time. The company will notify in advance and automatically effective. 
    1.3 Unless notified or otherwise specified any new features that have been modified, added or improved on the Service are subject to these Terms.

2. Request of Service
    2.1 In registration for the Service, the User must open a GB Wallet account (hereinafter referred to as ‘Account’) for the purpose of carrying out transaction relevant to the use of service. To do so, the User must provide the user’s first name, surname, e-mail, mobile phone number, address, occupation, workplace, date of birth, identification number, and other information as required or may be further required by the Company, so as to satisfy the Company’s Service objective and relevant laws.
    While providing the aforementioned information, the User must specify alphabets, characters, numbers, symbols, and biometric data (hereinafter referred to as ‘password’) as determined by the Company. The User may change the Password by himself or herself afterwards in accordance with the Company’s terms and conditions.
    2.2 The Company reserves the right to refuse to activate the service, provide services and/or conduct transactions with users who hide their real names or use a pseudonym or when the company detects that the name registered by the user is invalid, true and current. The Company reserves the right to provide certain types of services to users of the types specified by the Company. The Company reserves the right to refuse service activation, provision of services and/or transactions with users of certain nationalities, residences or occupations as determined by the Company and providing various types of services, all this matter depending on the sole discretion of the Company.
    2.3 The User must keep the password and the information used to apply for the service is kept confidential for the user's identity only as well as not disclosed or take any action that may cause others to know the password and/or such information. The User agrees that if there is any transaction using the User's password shall be deemed to be done by the user himself or herself in all respects. The Company shall not be responsible for any damage incurred from any transaction under the User's account from using that password.
    2.4 The User be able to use the bank’s password in order to making a payment of goods and/or services including but not limited to all transactions relevant the financial, bank and/or transactions that the Company’s service in the future.
    2.5 In case of the User has been used the password for any transaction relevant the completely service. The User agrees that shall not cancel, withdraw, change or modify the said transaction and the service user must be bound by such transaction in all respects.
    2.6 The User acknowledges that, if the password is entered incorrectly consecutively many times specified by the Company. The company will automatically suspend the use of the service immediately. The User will be able to continue using the service only after notifying the company of its intention to proceed in accordance with the method specified by the company for issuing a new password.
    2.7 In case of the User forget the password or would like to change the password for any reason. The User shall promptly notify the Company in accordance with the method specified by the Company. However, the above actions will not affect any transaction that already been done before notifying the Company.
    2.8 The User consents to pay any service fees accordance with the rate that identify by the Company. In such matter, the User able to check fees in this website https://www.gbwallet.co/rates/. The Company reserves the right to change the fees rate in any times which will inform service users in advance. 
    In the event that the User has to pay any fees to the Company as set out above, the User agrees to allow the Company to debit the account for payment of such fees on the date of the due date immediately. The User agrees to maintain the amount in the account to be sufficient for the deduction to pay the said fee.
    2.9 The User acknowledges that the Company is merely service provider in facilitating payment and/or receipt of payment for the price of goods and/or services and that the Company carries out transaction as per the User’s order. As such, in case a problem arises in connection with the goods and/or services is defective, or in case a dispute arises, the User must contact the seller and/or service provider of the goods and/or the service by himself or herself. 
    Moreover, in its provision of services for payment and/or receipt of payment for the price of goods and/or services, the Company has no knowledge whatsoever with respect to any agreement, requirement, right or obligation applicable between the User and the seller and/or the service provider. Therefore, if a dispute arises in connection with the service of receipt of payment and/or the Company’s service, including but not limited to late payment, partial of payment, and being subject to suspension of services, the User must be solely responsible for and/or carry out the dispute settlement, whereby the Company shall not be involved in any way.
    2.10 In additional to the money in the account of the User, the User may excute other types of financial transactions by connecting the User’s account to various channels made available by the Company, including but not limited to cerdit cards, debit cards, and direct debit. The conditions for the service of each channel will be in accordance with the terms of use determined by the Company specifically for each channel.
    2.11 The User acknowledges that the Company is merely a service provider in facilitating the execution of transactions by credit card, debit ard, or electronic card tied to the account of the User pursuant to the User’s instructions. The Company does not do so as a bank, fincancial institution, or a credit, debit, electronics card service provider nor shall such provision of Service constitute provision of financial services. 
    In providing the Service, the Company shall not be deemed to (a) have provided direct money transfer services to the User and/or (b) have acted as a trustee, fiduciary, or a manager of interests in the money of the User. In the event a problem arises in connection with the use of a credit card, debit card, or electronic card tied to the account of the User apart from carrying out transactions with money, the User agrees to contact the bank, financial institute, or credit, debit, or electronic card service provider and/or resolve the problem himself of herself. The Company shall take no part or be involved in such event.     
    2.12 Users can make payment for goods and/or services not less than the minimum amount or not more than the maximum amount per transaction per day and per month as specified by the Company. The service users can check here. The company has the right to change the aforementioned maximum amount at any time which will inform service users in advance.
    The User may carry out the financial transaction with a credit card, debit card, or electronic card only for the transaction determined by the Company by binding such card to the User’s account. The Company reserves the right to provide services of payment for the price of goods and/or service by such method only for the goods/services of seller and/or service provider that has been identified by the Company or that the Company will identify in the future.
    2.14 The Company reserve the right to refuse to provide services in making a payment or receiving a payment for the price of goods and/or services in the following cases.
        (1) Payment or receipt of payment of the price of goods and/or services on behalf of juristic person or another person.
        (2) Payment or receipt of payment of price of goods and/or services the service provision of which has been suspended and a renewal fee is applicable.
        (3) Payment or receipt of payment of the price of goods and/or services which exceed the amount of transactions per month as determined by the Company.
        (4) Payment or receipt of payment of the price of goods and/or some types of service fees which are partial payments.
        (5) Payment or receipt of payment of price of goods and/or services charges contrary to the law public order, good morals, requirements of electronic card network service providers or any other terms that the Company may specify.
        (6) Payment or receipt of payment of price of goods and/or services exceeding the number of transactions specified by the Company per month.
        The condition for payment of the price of goods and/or services shall be accordance with the terms of each seller and or service provider.
    2.15 In the event a mistake in the deduction and/or transfer of money to the User’s account arises because of the Company, User consents to the Company correcting such error, including but not limited to deducting and/or transferring money into such account. The Company will notify the User of the cause and amount of money involved in advance and if, as a result of such mistake, the Company has to make a payment on behalf of the User, the User agrees to repay such amount to the Company in full. If the Company finds that the balance of the User’s account is insufficient for the Company to deduct money for the purpose of correcting the mistake as defined in this clause, the Company has the right to suspend the provision of Service to the User until there is a sufficient amount of money in the User’s account, and the Company has completed deduction of money from the User’s account. 
    If the mistake in the deduction and/or transfer of money to the User’s account does not arise because of the Company, the User will inspect and demand or return such amount of money directly to the party with which the User is in dispute. If the User is entitled to any claim and/or defence, the User will, on the User’s own account, pursue such claim and/or defence with the party with which the User is in dispute.  
    2.16 In the event that the Company finds that the funds in the User's account are insufficient to make a payment for the goods and/or service or product cost and/or the service fee is lower than the minimum spending amount set by the Company or product cost and/or the service fee exceeds the limit specified by the Company for the User at any time. The Company has the right to suspend the service to the User at that time.
    2.17 The company reserves the right to suspend or cancel the service of the User without notifying the service user in advance. If the Company finds that any of the circumstances under Clause 4.2 of these Terms occur.
    2.18 Pursuant to the Anti-Money Laundering Act of B.E. 2542 and the relevant Announcements and guidelines which are currently enforceable, and/or which will be enforceable in the future, the Company which is an electronics money business operator has the duty to comply with laws on anti-money laundering, the suppression of the financing of terrorism, and anti-Weapons of Mass Destruction proliferation. Therefore, Users must identify themselves by registering and presenting evidence to allow the company to examine, verify the identity, and verify the facts of the evidence in a comprehensive and accurate manner in accordance with the law. If the User fails to register or present evidence within the given timeframe and/or the Company is not able to verify the identity of the User, the User consents to the Company suspending its services or refraining from executing the transaction of the User temporarily until the User completes registration and presents complete and accurate evidence in accordance with the form required by the law or by the Anti-Money Laundering Organization. If the User does not complete registration or present evidence within 90 (ninety) days from the day that the Company so suspends or refrains, the Company reserves the right to terminate the account of the User and/or pursue other measures as it sees fit. 
    2.19 The company reserves the right to change the criteria for approval and limited the number of accounts per 1 (one) ID card number or passport number as the Company deems appropriate without having to inform the reason to the User.
    2.20 The User acknowledges that the User will not be able to make any transactions with the User's account, in any of the following cases: 
        (1) The User's mobile phone number registered with the Company has been suspended. The User will not be able to make any transactions with the User's account until the suspension of service is cancelled.
        (2) The User changes the mobile phone number registered with the Company or cancel the use of a registered mobile phone number or such mobile number has been canceled for any other reason.
        In the above case, the User knowledges that the User shall withdraw money from the User's account before changing the mobile phone number or before the said mobile number is suspended or canceled and account closed, otherwise the company will not be responsible for any damage that may occur to the User.
    2.21 The User can view the transaction data for the past 3 (three) months through the Application in the “Transaction” field and the User can request the past transaction data within the period specified by the Company. By requesting via GB Wallet Customer Service 02 248-6240 or other channels as specified by the company, the service user will receive evidence of transaction via the application in the "transaction" field and a notification message from the application which will appear on the User's device (Push Notification).
    Evidence of transaction means statement and any other evidence made with computers and storage media or any other storage media used to store data or any other evidence that the Bank of Thailand has determined in the future The evidence of the transaction is confidential information that the service user should not disclose to outsiders.
    2.22 Users can inquire about the service and/or report problems in using the service at GB Wallet Customer Service 02 248-6240 or any other channels as specified by the company.

3. Terms and Conditions of Using Service regarding money transfer to Bank Deposit Account3.1 The User shall conduct the transaction via Application, requesting for money transfer from the User’s Account to the bank deposit account as designated by the User, in accordance with the procedure and methods as specified by the Company.
    3.2 The User acknowledges and accepts that, in transferring Money from the User’s Account to the bank deposit account as designated by the User, the Company shall charge the fee. The User can check the fee rates at https://www.GB.com/rates/. Such fees shall be immediately deducted from the money in the User’s Account once the User notifies to request for money transfer.
    3.3 The maximum amount that can be transferred at one time, depending on the type of account of the user.
    3.4 The User can transfer money from the User's account not more than the specified amount per day, depending on the type of account of the user.
    3.5 The user cannot request to cancel the transfer request.
    3.6 In the event that the Company finds that. The amount of funds in the user's account is insufficient for the amount requested for the transfer and transfer fees. The Company reserves the right to suspend the service to the user at that time.
    3.7 If the Company's service is interrupted because the banking system. The Company will automatically refund the amount to the User's account within 3 (three) business days after receiving notification from the Bank.
    3.8 In the event that the User has submitted a money transfer request and cannot transfer the money. For any reason, the User acknowledges that the Company will not refund the fee for such transaction, except in the case where the money cannot be transferred due to a disruption from the company's system or bank only.

4. Termination of Use, and termination and suspension of service
    4.1 In the event that the User wishes to terminate the use of the services, the User must notify such intention through GB Wallet Customer Service 02 248-6240 or via another channel as determined by the Company, and follow the steps determined by the Company. If there is a remaining balance in the account of the User, and the User has not acted in violation of this Terms of Service, the Company will return such remaining amount to the User after deduction of fees (if any) within the timeframe stipulated by the Company, but in no case more than 15 (fifteen) working days by bank transfer to the bank account of the User pursuant to the details that will be communicated by the User to the Company. The Company reserves the right to charge fees arising from such transfer (if any). The user agrees to not charge any interest or compensation from the Company.
    4.2 The company reserves the right to cancel the service or suspend service without the need to inform the service user in advance in any of the following cases.
        (1) User uses forged documents or showing false statements in registering for an account including informing or showing false evidence or showing incomplete documents as requested by the company
        (2) In the event that the subscriber cancels the service of the mobile phone number used for account opening when the Company becomes aware of the information about the cancellation of the use of the mobile phone number service.
        (3) The Company has a reason to suspect that the service user has committed an offense or attempting to commit an offense as required by law or any act that may cause damage to the Company or any other person.
        (4) The User is a person who has been ordered by the government or government agency to seize or attach the property, receivership or bankruptcy or is a designated person or accused or being suspected of being an offender.
        (5) The money in the User's account is insufficient for the Company to deduct fees according to the amount charged by the Company.
        (6) The User becomes an incompetent person. virtual incompetence or to death.
        (7) The service user misbehaves under any conditions. set forth in these Terms of Service
        (8) The user has lost contact and has not used the service for a period of more than 6 months since the last administration access.
        In addition, in the event that the company has any reason to suspect or the Company is obliged to comply with any law, the Company may contact to request the User to provide information. Submit documentary evidence or any additional documents for the company to consider. If the service user does not perform the actions requested by the company within the period specified by the company or the company receives the information documents, evidence or any additional documents from the service user and the company deems that the User enters any of the aforementioned characteristics or the Company is obliged to terminate the relationship with the User for legal reasons. The company reserves the right to cancel the service or suspend the service immediately.
        However, the Company is not involved or responsible for all damages that will occur as a result of the suspension and/or cancel the use of such services.
    4.3 In the event that the Company exercises the right to cancel the service or suspend service under Clause 4.2 above, the Company has the right to perform the following actions:
    If the User's account has no funds left or insufficient funds in the account to pay the account maintenance fee The Company will deduct the remaining amount of the user's money as an account maintenance fee and immediately terminate the service; or
    If the user's account has money remaining the company will maintain the aforementioned money of the service user and charge an account maintenance fee and/or fees for retaining funds from the User's account (Depending on the case) The service users can check the rate of fees at the website, https://www.gbwallet.co/rates/. The user has the right to request a refund of the remaining balance from the company. after deduction of account maintenance fees and/or money retention fees within the period specified by the company Without any interest or compensation from the company by notifying the company in advance via GB wallet Customer service 02 248-6240 or other channels as specified by the company and proceed according to the method specified by the Company. The company reserves the right to act according to the company's internal policy.
    In the event of a refund request, the company will verify the correctness and transfer the remaining amount to the user. By transferring to the user's bank account or a new user account according to the details that the service user will inform the company in accordance with the methods and conditions specified by the Company In this regard, the Company reserves the right to charge fees arising from such transfers (if any).

5. The User’s warrant
    5.1 In the event that the service user has Thai nationality The User certifies that the User is legally competent or obtaining legal consent to be bound by these Terms of Service and/or entering into any contract related to the use of the service.
    The User understands that the User is responsible for the financial results or any other consequences or may arise as a result of the use of services performed by the service user or allow a third party to use the user's registration information, password or any other information.
    5.2 The User certifies that the information provided to the Company in accordance with Clause 2.1 of these Terms of Service and any other information that the service user delivers to the company. It is correct information in all respects, if the company detects that the service user has falsified document information and/or impersonating any person, regardless of that person will you agree or not to subscribe to this service. The company reserves the right to suspend or cancel the service immediately and the service user shall be responsible for compensation to the Company in all respects, regardless of whether the user has a fraudulent intention or not.
    5.3 The User certifies that while the User has verified his/her identity through the Biometric Face Recognition process according to the identification process verify and verify the identity of the company. The user has done so by himself or herself and not the twin or any other person who has a similar appearance to the User.
    The User certifies that any transaction with the User's account through the Biometric Face Recognition process is the User's own action and the said list is complete and correct. If there is damage incurred from the said transaction. The User acknowledges that the company is not responsible for any damage.
    5.4 The User warrants that he or she will not use the service to execute financial transactions the objective of which is contradictory to the law, whether it be gambling, prostitution, money laundering. The User warrants that he or she will not use the account to seek benefits, whether for the User and/or another person, in the manner of an agent receiving money on behalf of another, or as a channel to deposit and withdraw cash; or to operate business in various forms, including acts which constitute a violation of the public order and the good morals of society, violate the intellectual property rights of another, or is a violation of any other law. The User will not cause the application or the network to which the application is connected to be damaged, or cause disruption to any other person’s access of the application, or attempt to access the application or network to which the application is connected without authorization, whether by hacking, theft, copying, or destroying of database, password mining, or by any other means. Therefore, if any damage is suffered by the Company, or if there is a claim against the company calling for the Company to be in any way liable as a result of the User’s execution of financial transaction through the service of the Company for the abovementioned purpose or in the abovementioned manners, the Company has the right to suspend or terminate its provision of services immediately and the User must compensate for the damages to the company in full. The Company has no part in and is not responsible for any and all damages that may arise.
    5.5 For the purpose of confirming/verifying identity, the User warrants that the identification card used in identity verification pursuant to the Company’s verification procedures is the identification card of the User, specifying accurate, authentic, and current personal information, whereby the identification photo displayed on such card is a representation of the current appearance of the User, does not bear a difference arising from plastic surgery or from any other act which has caused the appearance of the user to change, and can truly indicate the identity and appearance of the User while the User is in the process of verifying his or her identity in compliance with the procedures stipulated by the Company.
    If the appearance of the User changes as a result of any of the aforementioned act, causing the confirmation and verification system to not be able to verify whether it is the same person, the User agrees and acknowledges that the Company has the right to refuse or suspend its provision of services to the User, and the User agrees to not use the aforementioned incident as a ground to claim or pursue any action against the Company.
    5.6 The User warrants that he or she agrees to be bound, comply with, and cooperate, as well as prepare information and/or submit evidential documents, or any other documents as may be further requested by the Company for the purpose of considering whether to allow the User to access the service, to provide service, or to execute any transaction, or for the purpose of compliance with the requirements, announcements, rules, and regulations of the Bank of Thailand, the Anti-Money Laundering Organization, or any provision of the law relevant to the performance of this terms of service, whether currently in force and/or which will arise in the future in a strict manner. 

6. Company Limitation of Liability
    6.1 The Company shall not be liable for any loss or damage, whether directly or indirectly or indirectly which happened to the data in the mobile phone or mobile phone or any other device as a result of the service.
    6.2 The Company will provide the best service to ensure that users receive satisfactory services. Therefore, if any service of the Company is caused by errors, delays whether caused by a computer system, internet system various electronic devices or any other systems related to the provision of services including the mobile phone network and regardless of any reason, the User agrees not to raise the aforementioned interruption as a claim for any damages from the company.
    6.3 The Company is not responsible for damages or loss of money in the user's account and/or money in bank account linked to credit card, debit card or electronic card linked to User's account due to Malware or Computer Virus or by any other electronic attack on mobile phone or any other device of the user who uses the service or from the mobile phone or any other device of the user has been lost or stolen or the user has been deceived or from any other force majeure. The user must notify the company to request the suspension of the use of money in the account or to the bank or financial institutions or credit card, debit card, electronic card service provider immediately. In the case of money in the user's account, users can request for suspension of funds in the account by themselves via GB wallet Customer service 02 248-6240 or other channels as specified by the company.

7. Consent for Biometrics Processing 
The User agrees to the company to collect and use the biometrics of the user provided to the company, such as facial image data including disclosing to third parties who are obliged to process information for the company. For the purposes of verification/identification in the prevention of crime, fraud and suspected financing of terrorism or money laundering in accordance with the Company's policies and other relevant laws.
The Company will process biometrics of users in accordance with the law and in accordance with appropriate security standards under the Company's personal data protection policy.

8. Personal Information
The User agrees and acknowledges that the Company may collect, use or disclose personal information including but not limited to Information according to the ID card Contact information required Location, biometrics, phonebook information of the User r and/or that users have given to the company and/or in the possession of the Company and/or that the Company obtains or collects from other sources or any other person in accordance with the law. For the purpose of considering requests for account registration authentication/verification, use of services, support services contacting inquiries, conducting statistics, analyzing data to develop services or provide benefits that may benefit users in connection with the service or focus on providing service users with good service sending information including any action for any purpose related to service that the User may be interested in or useful to the User through the notification channel on the application and the contact channels that the User have informed which the Company has legal rights in connection with the provision of services. The User acknowledges that the Company may transmit or transfer personal information of the user to the entity that has control over the company or is under the control of the Company and legal entities under the same control as the Company including any juristic person or any other person with whom the Company is a contractual party or has a legal relationship as well as external persons or juristic persons who are responsible for processing personal data both within and outside the country that have insufficient standards for Personal Data Protection as required by law. The Company assures that will take measures to protect personal data that are appropriate and in accordance with the standards required by law. Users can check and study other details through the Company's Privacy Policy here https://www.gbprimepay.com/th/privacy

9. Severability
The provisions of this Terms shall be severable if any of the provisions is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, and the remaining provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

10. Non-waiver  		
In the event that the Company does not enforce the terms or any terms of these Terms of Service will not affect the Company's right to enforce the Terms or that condition later and the waiver of the right to violate the terms or any conditions of service users. It will not be considered a waiver of the right to violate the terms or such conditions in the next time or waiver of the terms or any other conditions.

11. Language
Translation of these Terms of Service whether translated into any language. It is intended for the convenience of service users only and did not have any intention to modify the terms of service. In the event of a conflict between the Thai version and other languages that is not Thai to adhere to the text in Thai.

12. Governing law and Jurisdiction  		
These terms of service to be enforced and construed in accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of Thailand without regard to the provisions on conflicts of law.
